docs/src/ranges.md, before:

# Ranges

As well as performing relative date operations, you can also get a range of dates for a given period. This can provide an infinite range, or appropriate clipped.

```julia
julia> collect(Iterators.take(range(Date(2019,4,17), rd"1d"),3))
3-element Array{Date,1}:
 2017-01-25
 2017-01-26
 2017-01-27
julia> collect(range(Date(2019,4,17), Date(2019,4,21), rd"2d"))
3-element Array{Date,1}:
 2019-04-17
 2019-04-19
 2019-04-21
julia> collect(range(Date(2019,4,17), Date(2019,4,21), rd"1d", inc_from=false, inc_to=false))
3-element Array{Date,1}:
 2019-04-18
 2019-04-19
 2019-04-20
```

This should give the basic building blocks to also come up with as complex functionality as required. For example, to get the next 3 future [IMM Dates](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IMM_dates)

```julia
julia> today = Date(2017,10,27)
julia> start = rd"1MAR+3rd WED" + today
julia> immdates = Iterators.take(Iterators.filter(x -> x >= today, range(start, rd"3m+3rd WED")), 3)
julia> collect(immdates)
3-element Array{Date,1}:
 2017-12-20
 2018-03-21
 2018-06-20
```

Commit message:

Enhance the documentation and also fix the grammar parsing for multiply_roll so that it can handle sums within it

docs/src/ranges.md, after:

# Ranges

As well as performing relative date operations, you can also get a range of dates for a given period. This can provide an infinite range, or appropriate clipped.

```julia
julia> collect(Iterators.take(range(Date(2017,1,25), rd"1d"),3))
3-element Array{Date,1}:
 2017-01-25
 2017-01-26
 2017-01-27
julia> collect(range(Date(2019,4,17), Date(2019,4,21), rd"2d"))
3-element Array{Date,1}:
 2019-04-17
 2019-04-19
 2019-04-21
julia> collect(range(Date(2019,4,17), Date(2019,4,21), rd"1d", inc_from=false, inc_to=false))
3-element Array{Date,1}:
 2019-04-18
 2019-04-19
 2019-04-20
```

It should be noted that the range under the hood applies *multiply_no_roll* for incremental counts to the  period, so by using *RDates.Date* we can provide a reference point that is isolated from the start date of the range.

This gives us the basic building blocks to also come up with complex functionality. For example, to get the next 4 future [IMM Dates](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IMM_dates) we can do the following

```julia
julia> today = Date(2017,10,27)
julia> immdates = Iterators.take(Iterators.filter(x -> x >= today, range(today, RDates.Date(today) + rd"1MAR+3m+3rd WED")), 4)
julia> collect(immdates)
4-element Array{Date,1}:
 2017-12-20
 2018-03-21
 2018-06-20
 2018-09-19
```
!!! note

    While this works as expected, it will always be more efficient to reduce the rdate calculations being applied within the iterator. As such, calculating the 1st of March as a date first would save some unnecessary computations.
